New game with a deck size of 36
The Trump Card is The King of Diamonds
Player drew the The Ace of Hearts
Opponent drew the The King of Hearts
Player drew the The Eight of Hearts
Opponent drew the The Ten of Spades
Player drew the The Nine of Clubs
Opponent drew the The Eight of Spades
Player drew the The Six of Diamonds
Opponent drew the The Six of Spades
Player drew the The Seven of Hearts
Opponent drew the The Nine of Hearts
Player drew the The Queen of Hearts
Opponent drew the The Ace of Spades
Player has Passed their Attack to end the turn. End of turn 1
Opponent Attacked with The Six of Spades
Player doesn't Defend and has Picked Up to end the turn. End of turn 2
Player has Picked Up the The Six of Spades from the River
Because Player didn't Defend they also draw the Face Down
Opponent drew the The Jack of Clubs
Opponent Attacked with The Eight of Spades
Player doesn't Defend and has Picked Up to end the turn. End of turn 3
Player has Picked Up the The Eight of Spades from the River
Because Player didn't Defend they also draw the Face Down
Opponent drew the The Nine of Diamonds
Opponent Attacked with The Nine of Hearts
Player doesn't Defend and has Picked Up to end the turn. End of turn 4
Player has Picked Up the The Nine of Hearts from the River
Because Player didn't Defend they also draw the Face Down
Opponent drew the The King of Spades
Opponent Attacked with The Ten of Spades
Player doesn't Defend and has Picked Up to end the turn. End of turn 5
Player has Picked Up the The Ten of Spades from the River
Because Player didn't Defend they also draw the Face Down
Opponent drew the The Jack of Diamonds
Opponent Attacked with The Jack of Clubs
Player doesn't Defend and has Picked Up to end the turn. End of turn 6
Player has Picked Up the The Jack of Clubs from the River
Because Player didn't Defend they also draw the Face Down
Opponent drew the The Eight of Clubs
Opponent Attacked with The Eight of Clubs
Player doesn't Defend and has Picked Up to end the turn. End of turn 7
Player has Picked Up the The Eight of Clubs from the River
Because Player didn't Defend they also draw the Face Down
Opponent drew the The Ten of Diamonds
Opponent Attacked with The King of Spades
Player doesn't Defend and has Picked Up to end the turn. End of turn 8
Player has Picked Up the The King of Spades from the River
Because Player didn't Defend they also draw the Face Down
Opponent drew the The Seven of Spades
Opponent Attacked with The Seven of Spades
Player doesn't Defend and has Picked Up to end the turn. End of turn 9
Player has Picked Up the The Seven of Spades from the River
Because Player didn't Defend they also draw the Face Down
Opponent drew the The Queen of Spades
Opponent Attacked with The Queen of Spades
Player doesn't Defend and has Picked Up to end the turn. End of turn 10
Player has Picked Up the The Queen of Spades from the River
Because Player didn't Defend they also draw the Face Down
Opponent drew the The Queen of Diamonds
Opponent Attacked with The King of Hearts
Player doesn't Defend and has Picked Up to end the turn. End of turn 11
Player has Picked Up the The King of Hearts from the River
Because Player didn't Defend they also draw the Face Down
Opponent drew the The Ten of Hearts
Opponent Attacked with The Ten of Hearts
Player doesn't Defend and has Picked Up to end the turn. End of turn 12
Player has Picked Up the The Ten of Hearts from the River
Because Player didn't Defend they also draw the Face Down
Opponent drew the The Seven of Clubs
Opponent Attacked with The Seven of Clubs
Player doesn't Defend and has Picked Up to end the turn. End of turn 13
Player has Picked Up the The Seven of Clubs from the River
Because Player didn't Defend they also draw the Face Down
Opponent drew the The King of Diamonds
Opponent Attacked with The Ace of Spades
Player doesn't Defend and has Picked Up to end the turn. End of turn 14
Player has Picked Up the The Ace of Spades from the River
Opponent Attacked with The Nine of Diamonds
Player doesn't Defend and has Picked Up to end the turn. End of turn 15
Player has Picked Up the The Nine of Diamonds from the River
Opponent Attacked with The Ten of Diamonds
Player doesn't Defend and has Picked Up to end the turn. End of turn 16
Player has Picked Up the The Ten of Diamonds from the River
Opponent Attacked with The Jack of Diamonds
Player doesn't Defend and has Picked Up to end the turn. End of turn 17
Player has Picked Up the The Jack of Diamonds from the River
Opponent Attacked with The Queen of Diamonds
Player doesn't Defend and has Picked Up to end the turn. End of turn 18
Player has Picked Up the The Queen of Diamonds from the River
Opponent Attacked with The King of Diamonds
Player has Lost the Game!

