New game with a deck size of 20
The Trump Card is The King of Spades
Connor drew the The Ten of Spades
Opponent drew the The Jack of Hearts
Connor drew the The Queen of Hearts
Opponent drew the The Ace of Hearts
Connor drew the The King of Hearts
Opponent drew the The Queen of Diamonds
Connor drew the The Queen of Clubs
Opponent drew the The Ten of Hearts
Connor drew the The Ace of Spades
Opponent drew the The King of Clubs
Connor drew the The Ace of Diamonds
Opponent drew the The Jack of Diamonds
Connor has Passed their Attack to end the turn. End of turn 1
Opponent Attacked with The Ten of Hearts
Connor doesn't Defend and has Picked Up to end the turn. End of turn 2
Connor has Picked Up the The Ten of Hearts from the River
Because Connor didn't Defend they also draw the Face Down
Opponent drew the The King of Diamonds
Opponent Attacked with The Jack of Diamonds
Connor doesn't Defend and has Picked Up to end the turn. End of turn 3
Connor has Picked Up the The Jack of Diamonds from the River
Because Connor didn't Defend they also draw the Face Down
Opponent drew the The Ten of Clubs
Opponent Attacked with The Ten of Clubs
Connor doesn't Defend and has Picked Up to end the turn. End of turn 4
Connor has Picked Up the The Ten of Clubs from the River
Because Connor didn't Defend they also draw the Face Down
Opponent drew the The Jack of Clubs
Opponent Attacked with The Jack of Clubs
Connor doesn't Defend and has Picked Up to end the turn. End of turn 5
Connor has Picked Up the The Jack of Clubs from the River
Because Connor didn't Defend they also draw the Face Down
Opponent drew the The King of Spades
Opponent Attacked with The Jack of Hearts
Connor doesn't Defend and has Picked Up to end the turn. End of turn 6
Connor has Picked Up the The Jack of Hearts from the River
Opponent Attacked with The Queen of Diamonds
Connor doesn't Defend and has Picked Up to end the turn. End of turn 7
Connor has Picked Up the The Queen of Diamonds from the River
Opponent Attacked with The King of Diamonds
Connor doesn't Defend and has Picked Up to end the turn. End of turn 8
Connor has Picked Up the The King of Diamonds from the River
Opponent Attacked with The King of Clubs
Connor doesn't Defend and has Picked Up to end the turn. End of turn 9
Connor has Picked Up the The King of Clubs from the River
Opponent Attacked with The Ace of Hearts
Connor doesn't Defend and has Picked Up to end the turn. End of turn 10
Connor has Picked Up the The Ace of Hearts from the River
Opponent Attacked with The King of Spades
Connor has Lost the Game!

