New game with a deck size of 20
The Trump Card is The King of Clubs
Player drew the The Queen of Clubs
Opponent drew the The Ace of Hearts
Player drew the The Queen of Spades
Opponent drew the The King of Hearts
Player drew the The Ten of Clubs
Opponent drew the The Jack of Spades
Player drew the The Queen of Hearts
Opponent drew the The Ten of Spades
Player drew the The Ten of Diamonds
Opponent drew the The Ace of Diamonds
Player drew the The Jack of Diamonds
Opponent drew the The King of Diamonds
Player has Passed their Attack to end the turn. End of turn 1
Opponent Attacked with The Ten of Spades
Player doesn't Defend and has Picked Up to end the turn. End of turn 2
Player has Picked Up the The Ten of Spades from the River
Because Player didn't Defend they also draw the Face Down
Opponent drew the The Ace of Clubs
Opponent Attacked with The Jack of Spades
Player doesn't Defend and has Picked Up to end the turn. End of turn 3
Player has Picked Up the The Jack of Spades from the River
Because Player didn't Defend they also draw the Face Down
Opponent drew the The Jack of Clubs
Opponent Attacked with The King of Diamonds
Player doesn't Defend and has Picked Up to end the turn. End of turn 4
Player has Picked Up the The King of Diamonds from the River
Because Player didn't Defend they also draw the Face Down
Opponent drew the The Ten of Hearts
Opponent Attacked with The Ten of Hearts
Player doesn't Defend and has Picked Up to end the turn. End of turn 5
Player has Picked Up the The Ten of Hearts from the River
Because Player didn't Defend they also draw the Face Down
Opponent drew the The King of Clubs
Opponent Attacked with The King of Hearts
Player doesn't Defend and has Picked Up to end the turn. End of turn 6
Player has Picked Up the The King of Hearts from the River
Opponent Attacked with The Ace of Diamonds
Player doesn't Defend and has Picked Up to end the turn. End of turn 7
Player has Picked Up the The Ace of Diamonds from the River
Opponent Attacked with The Ace of Hearts
Player doesn't Defend and has Picked Up to end the turn. End of turn 8
Player has Picked Up the The Ace of Hearts from the River
Opponent Attacked with The Jack of Clubs
Player doesn't Defend and has Picked Up to end the turn. End of turn 9
Player has Picked Up the The Jack of Clubs from the River
Opponent Attacked with The King of Clubs
Player doesn't Defend and has Picked Up to end the turn. End of turn 10
Player has Picked Up the The King of Clubs from the River
Opponent Attacked with The Ace of Clubs
Player has Lost the Game!

