New game with a deck size of 20
The Trump Card is The King of Spades
Player drew the The Ten of Clubs
Opponent drew the The Queen of Clubs
Player drew the The Queen of Spades
Opponent drew the The Jack of Diamonds
Player drew the The King of Clubs
Opponent drew the The Queen of Hearts
Player drew the The Jack of Clubs
Opponent drew the The King of Diamonds
Player drew the The Ten of Spades
Opponent drew the The Ace of Spades
Player drew the The Ten of Hearts
Opponent drew the The Jack of Spades
Opponent Attacked with The Jack of Diamonds
Player doesn't Defend and has Picked Up to end the turn. End of turn 1
Player has Picked Up the The Jack of Diamonds from the River
Because Player didn't Defend they also draw the Face Down
Opponent drew the The Ace of Clubs
Opponent Attacked with The Queen of Hearts
Player doesn't Defend and has Picked Up to end the turn. End of turn 2
Player has Picked Up the The Queen of Hearts from the River
Because Player didn't Defend they also draw the Face Down
Opponent drew the The Ace of Diamonds
Opponent Attacked with The Queen of Clubs
Player doesn't Defend and has Picked Up to end the turn. End of turn 3
Player has Picked Up the The Queen of Clubs from the River
Because Player didn't Defend they also draw the Face Down
Opponent drew the The Jack of Hearts
Opponent Attacked with The Jack of Hearts
Player doesn't Defend and has Picked Up to end the turn. End of turn 4
Player has Picked Up the The Jack of Hearts from the River
Because Player didn't Defend they also draw the Face Down
Opponent drew the The King of Spades
Opponent Attacked with The King of Diamonds
Player doesn't Defend and has Picked Up to end the turn. End of turn 5
Player has Picked Up the The King of Diamonds from the River
Opponent Attacked with The Jack of Spades
Player doesn't Defend and has Picked Up to end the turn. End of turn 6
Player has Picked Up the The Jack of Spades from the River
Opponent Attacked with The Ace of Diamonds
Player doesn't Defend and has Picked Up to end the turn. End of turn 7
Player has Picked Up the The Ace of Diamonds from the River
Opponent Attacked with The Ace of Clubs
Player doesn't Defend and has Picked Up to end the turn. End of turn 8
Player has Picked Up the The Ace of Clubs from the River
Opponent Attacked with The King of Spades
Player doesn't Defend and has Picked Up to end the turn. End of turn 9
Player has Picked Up the The King of Spades from the River
Opponent Attacked with The Ace of Spades
Player has Lost the Game!

